...Oh. Um...
Is Susie Beth here?
Oh no. She moved away months ago.
She said her husband was missing in the war.
Broken-hearted, she moved far away to run from the pain.
I don't understand...
...I'm her husband!
Charlie Company. Insurgents, they took a hold of us...
...I barely escaped alive.
How will I ever find her?
I suppose now, I should embark on a long, difficult journey to find the love of my life.
It may take months.
It may take years.
I may have to travel to Area 68 -the Danger Zone.
But I will find her.
Umm...couldn't you just give her a call?
I mean, you are her husband, right?
You must have her cell phone number.
She probably didn't change it.
Yeah, I guess I could do that.
Or, uh... contact a family member? Email?
Well, you... you got a point.
Actually, I think I have her phone number...
..Yep!
It's ringing, here you go.
Oh, okay, okay, uh...
Hello?
Susie Beth?
Yeah...I was captured by insurgents!
Don't you watch the news?
They did a whole story about it!
You're at the Taco Hut?
Do they still have the two for 99 cents special?
No, I want the steak!
You know I don't like chicken!
Ho- Okay, I'll be right there, hold on.
I-I'm on my way right now! Okay, ho-
I don't know how this guy has your phone number!
Hold on, let me get back to you.
Thanks.
You're welcome.